today I'm gonna be doing a quick
unboxing of the me onyx nails 5000 high
performance gaming mouse it comes in a
fantastic matte black box very
minimalistic you basically got what it
is what it's called and who makes it and
what they're all about light years ahead
of the game me onyx net let's see what
else is on the packaging here yeah
nothing on that side nothing on that
side nothing on top nothing on the
bottom we got some info on the back
though so here's our model overview as
well as our technical specifications so
let's talk about some of the interesting
features of this mouse in the overview
here as well as the text box actually
let's not do that let's open it up and
then we'll talk about that later
so it opens from the bottom well when
it's sealed not just figures doesn't it
guess I'll be needing my trusty unboxing
knife the Spyderco knife by the way a
lot of people ask me there we are
got a little magnet there hold that
closed here we go a star has been born
so you guys can read the little blurb if
you want I'm not gonna read it out loud
you can pause the video or don't pause
the video here we go let's keep going
with the nose so you can see right away
that this Mouse includes a feature that
the naio is 3200 it does not and that is
a removable adjustable weight system so
you can see they come in a little
container here there's your weights they
got a little me onyx logo on them
alright we'll have a look at how that
works the moment and very minimalistic
packaging again you're expected to
download the latest drivers off the me
onyx website which is what I always
encourage you guys to do anyway okay
something's got to say for herself in
here installation full speed USB Gaming
Mouse LED lights will light up and the
mouse is ready to use you can customize
it by downloading the software and the
way tuning system the weights are placed
horizontally on both sides next to the
sensor for more balanced feeling
interesting
simply remove the two hatches by tapping
the small buttons forward and the
warranty is two years don't try and
repair your product just contact their
support here if you have any issues all
right so let's pull up the nails 5000
put that packaging aside for a minute
right
we're gonna be trying this on the
professed 380 here so the first thing
I'm gonna do with this products I'm
going to have a look at the plug that's
a gold-plated very very nice quality USB
cable so you can see by the gorgeous
sleeving on here as well as the
flexibility of the cable that it's using
very high quality wires inside so that's
a very good thing and the gold-plated
here's here's a common misconception
gold is not the best conductor that is
not why it is used in this application
Gold is used because it is soft its
malleable so and it's also very
corrosion resistant so when you plug it
in you'll get it as good a connection as
possible every time you won't get
necessarily the same kind of connection
you would with copper or silver but
it'll be more consistent that's why so
let's go ahead and plug that into my
laptop here and hopefully the muffs will
light up I've already installed the
drivers in preparation for this unboxing
so let's we'll start by just looking at
the mouse as a whole I'm actually gonna
get my chair I'm tired of standing so it
lights up green right off the bat you
can see we got a few different lights
we've got our dpi and lights here so you
can see those go up and down according
to whatever dpi setting I'm using we've
got a light on the mouse scroll wheel
and then I scroll wheel actually okay
we've got back and forward buttons which
I am using now so it totally changed the
page from what I wanted to be looking at
we've got obviously the DPI adjuster
buttons we've got a left and right click
middle click as well as an onyx logo
here the ergonomics of this mouse
appear to be as far as I can tell so far
identical to the nails three 200 which
is right here next to it so I'm just
gonna sort of double check that before I
say for sure yeah those are though those
are clearly the same and since I'm such
a big fan of the ergonomics of this
mouse you have to imagine that I'm a
pretty big fan of the ergonomics on this
one as well so here's the little things
you slide forward - oh yeah
really see how ZZ just click up there we
go and from there you can put in as many
weights as you please
nice to open up let's load it up I do
like a heavy Mouse and I love ones that
come up in weight systems because nobody
makes a heavy enough Mouse for me
I'm ig9 at work is actually loaded up
with as many weights as I can stuff in
it and ice I settled for no weights on
my Akari at home just because it doesn't
have a weight system ok quite fair how
these go in here actually mm-hmm maybe
there ah there we go
so you just got to slide it in just
right so you can actually this is cool
this is a really neat way of doing the
weight system because you can balance
the weight towards the back of the mouse
you can balance the weight towards the
front of the mouse it's quite a light
Mouse without the weights but these are
actually pretty substantial weights let
me just see if they're marked or how
much they weigh each but it's it's
definitely a noticeable half today they
are they're 5 gram weights each I'm
gonna actually double check and see if
they're all the same for I verify that
for you guys yeah this one's 5 grams as
well see the next one 5 grams so in
total by adding 8 5 gram weights I'm
adding 40 grams to the mouse and then
I'm gonna go ahead and close that back
up what's the left one and see if that
goes in you're going go clicks in like
that and then here's the right one there
you have it okay
so now that's got some weight to it so
quite a bit heavier than the 3200 now
especially if you try to try to lift it
up straight off the table all right
let's see what else that me onyx has to
say about themselves with the narrows
5000 before we keep moving on here
tex-mex truly ergonomic design yeah we
got that much figured out grip friendly
rubber coating love the rubber coating
seven buttons seven programmable button
errs really focus on this text properly
come on come on camera you can do it
there we go in game profiles which
configurable dpi up to five thousand
forty dpi so that may be worth at five
thousand name comes from six integrated
LEDs adjustable polling rate 128
kilobytes built-in memory large Teflon
feet balanced weight tuning system up to
forty grams which we figured out already
um so this for pretty much aware of
compatible of all kinds of surfaces
squat surface quality analyzer tool so
we're gonna try that before we finish
this video here adjustable lift distance
that's a cool feature so you can adjust
how much lift distance before it stops
detecting the surface below it up to
12,000 frames per second with tracking
speed of five point one meters per
second okay that's fair bit more here
and that's pretty much it warranty
information which we have already
covered okay so let's open up the
software now which hopefully works nice
driver software they've also got another
feature that they just added with this
version of the driver which um let me
see if I can find a little blurb about
it and they asked 5,000 what do they
call it so this is in version 1.1 7 and
that is angle snapping so when making
horizontal it's horizontal or vertical
movements you naturally cannot make a
straight line so it senses these
deviations from what you're trying to do
algorithmically and corrects them you
can actually adjust how much or how
little correction is done not you can
extend okay if they've added extended
color customization options as well as
something about avoiding tracking loss
with the squat tool so we haven't
actually managed to launch the driver
software yet it's good doesn't it oh
there it is tidy so there we go we've
launched it so sensor performance let's
say I want to try I want to try that
squat tool first so and a live surface
here we go the surface quality analyzer
tools a feature that analyzes the
surface
the mouse just okay pressed analyze
service making sure that you okay so
move the mouse over the surface area oh
okay
making sure to cover as much as possible
of the surface okay there you have it it
is nine out of ten done okay done there
it is okay now just for contrast why
don't we try analyzing the surface of my
ugly horrible blue tablecloth thing
okay so let's analyze the surface of
this you're going to cover as much of
the surface area as possible so it's
about a ten second test and it's done oh
that is an acceptable surface okay last
but not least just for curiosity's sake
I want to try a steel series 5l okay
done let's try one more time analyzed
circus analyzed surface okay move around
on the 5l try that out let's see what
let's see what my onyx is surface
analyzer thinks of the five L analyzing
oh oh it does not like the five L one
bit interesting interesting okay so
let's see very quickly what kind of
adjustments we've got in here you can
change all your mouse settings you can
change your double click and scroll
speeds you can change pointer
acceleration you can you disable it
entirely you got your polling rates
here's your sensor performance where you
can change dpi settings angle snapping
pointer speed lift distance okay as well
as you running the surface quality
analyzer test you can change your color
settings let's have a yellow mouth shall
we let's see what happens there you go
yellow Mouse Ben now let's have a okay
there we go now let's have a peek nose
apply BAM nice love it ok macro settings
takes a moment to apply those settings
so the real macro settings so you can
record macros as well as some support
and Fussel thank you for checking out my
unboxing and review of the nails 5000
high performance gaming mouse from
neonics don't forget to subscribe to
Linus tech tips for more reviews
unboxings and other computer videos